hi this is kat with beadaholique.com and
the Swarovski channel chain now here I
have a pure drop pendant in crystal and
gold and this is 21 millimeters so it's
nice and petite and very perfect for
earrings and then I have some of the
gold and crystal channel chain so we're
just going to be using a few links of
this to create this earring very simple
project so all you're going to do is
you're just going to need two pairs of
pliers just to open those jump rings so
let's get started so what we're going to
do first is I want to use three links of
chain here and you'll notice in my
earring here I have one at the top that
doesn't have a jump ring because I was
able to open this particular earring
finding just like a simple loop and then
at the bottom here I do have a jump ring
that is attaching my pendant so what I'm
going to do is when I get my chain I'll
notice that this side doesn't have a
jump ring so I'm gonna start by
attaching this to my earring hook so
just go ahead and take it
take your plier and you're just gonna
slightly bend it open and thread that on
and now just go ahead and close that up
you don't need to open it too much you
don't want to compromise your earring
hook so now that I have my chain
attached to my earring hook I'm going to
count one two and three and two this
jump ring right here I'm gonna go ahead
and open it by taking my two sets of
pliers here then just go ahead and pry
that open very gently slip off the
length of channel chain and set that
aside and what you're going to do is
just very carefully just slip that loop
on right there
okay get my pliers out of the way there
you go and still holding it and all
you're gonna do is gently just close
that jump ring up nice and tight and
that is it that is how you make a
beautiful simple pair of drop earrings
featuring at the channel chain by
Swarovski as well as the pure drop
pendant you can find all of these
supplies at beadaholique.com
you